Feat (Insomnia): how to migrate from scratch pad to enterprise (#2877)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/migrate-to-enterprise-from-scratchpad.md

---
title: Migrate from Scratch Pad to Enterprise

content_type: how_to

description: Migrate all of the data from your Scratch Pad account to your Enterprise account.

products:
    - insomnia

breadcrumbs:
  - /insomnia/
tags:
  - insomnia
  - migration
  - account-management

related_resources:
  - text: Collections
    url: /insomnia/collections/
  - text: Environments
    url: /insomnia/environments/
  - text: Migrate collections and environments from Postman to Insomnia
    url: /how-to/migrate-collections-and-envrionments-from-postman-to-insomnia/
  - text: Import content from Postman to multiple Insomnia projects
    url: /how-to/import-content-from-postman-to-multiple-insomnia-projects/

tldr:
    q: How can I migrate my data from my Scratch Pad to my Enterprise account?
    a: Export your Scratch Pad workspace as a single Insomnia JSON file, and then import it into your Insomnia Enterprise account.

faqs:

>   - q: Why can't I import my file?
>     a: Confirm that the file uses Insomnia JSON format and ends with `.json`. Insomnia’s importer expects a supported format. For example, Insomnia JSON, Postman v2, HAR, OpenAPI.
>   - q: Import says “succeeded” but I don’t see items.
>     a: Ensure you imported into the project you opened, not a different workspace. If needed, re-import into the active project.
>   - q: Why can't I see my variables in Table view?
>     a: Open JSON view to confirm values, then switch back to Table view. This ensures you see nested or inherited keys in the editor.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - q: Why can't I import my scratch pad file to my Insomnia Enterprise project?
    a: Confirm that the file uses the Insomnia JSON format and ends with `.json`. Insomnia’s importer expects a supported format. For example: Insomnia JSON, Postman v2, HAR, OpenAPI.
  - q: I've successfully imported my scratch pad file to an Insomnia Enterprise project, but I don’t see items.
    a: Ensure you imported the file into the project you opened, not a different workspace. If needed, re-import into the active project.
  - q: Why can't I see my Insomnia environment variables in Table view?
    a: Enable the JSON view to confirm values, then switch back to Table view. This ensures you see nested or inherited keys in the editor.  
```
Just adding some words to make the context clear outside of this page. I always imagine someone searching something about importing files, but they mean Dev Portal not Insomnia, but they might accidentally land on this page if we aren't clear about the context.
